adnan@bitnami.com Bitnami
arnaldo.pereira@luizalabs.com Luizalabs
artmr@lsd.ufcg.edu.br Self
ben@benhall.me.uk Ben Hall
bibryam@gmail.com Red Hat
bjboreham@gmail.com Weaveworks
dghubble@gmail.com CoreOS
bodepd@gmail.com Bodeco.io
mail@wombatsoftware.de Wombat Software UG
davidopp@gmail.com Google
duncan.mcnaught@welltok.com Welltok
guz_egor@yahoo.com 한국테라데이타
patelgunjan5@gmail.com Tigera
jesse.kinkead@gmail.com Self
joe@bedafamily.com Shippable
jorge@bitnami.com Bitnami
keerthan.mala@gmail.com Deis
saraf3@illinois.edu Self
marian.schwarz@sap.com SAP
ivanov.maxim@gmail.com Telemetry.com
olvesh@gmail.com Vimond Media Solutions
reinhard.naegele@codecentric.de Codecentric AG
rob.scott87@gmail.com Spire
serge.catudal@gmail.com Ubisoft Montreal
shimin@databricks.com Databricks
stevenlasker@hotmail.com Microsoft
viglesiasce@gmail.com Google
wplatnick@gmail.com CISSP
zoidbergwill@gmail.com Self
johndavis7257@gmail.com Nanthealth
jeff.h.vance@gmail.com Red Hat
dimitris.kapanidis@harbur.io Harbur.io
